hey guys I wanted to pop on here really
quickly and tell you about not one but
two opportunities to meet me in the next
couple of weeks I'm really excited about
this so the first opportunity is for
those of you that are in the dallas-fort
Worth area I am doing a meet up on
Thursday jun 25th at four o'clock at the
westin galleria in the lobby of the
westin galleria we're going to be
meeting from 4 to about five o'clock and
then i have to leave to go do some
activities with my family but i'm gonna
be in dallas that day and I thought what
better opportunity than to meet those of
you that watch me that live in the
dallas fort worth area i know there are
a few of you so I'm really excited to
meet you so again thursday jun 25th 425
pam in the lobby of the westin galleria
and you know come a little early do some
shopping come hang with me show me what
you got i am planning on doing the same
and then for those of you that live in
the san antonio area i'm really excited
about this opportunity as well it's the
following week tuesday june thirtieth
from six to eight pm at the kendra scott
boutique in the quarry village so that
one is even more exciting because i'm
hosting it with kendra scott and
everybody who comes and shops at that
time gets fifteen percent off their
total purchase so i know i'm gonna be
doing some shopping i think i might be
getting another I need a hot pink
necklace that's it's on my list but
anyway um please let me know in the
comments below if you're going to be
attending the meetup in Dallas and also
RSVP please to the kendra scott event
because they're going to be supplying
some drinks little bubbly little nibbles
and they want to get an idea of how much
food and drink they should have
available so i'm going to put the number
for the kendra scott store in the
description box below give them a call
and let them know that you're coming by
anytime between six and eight o'clock on
tuesday june thirtieth they close at
eight so get there early enough just
come
say hey and walk around the store and do
a little shopping too and don't forget
if it's your birthday month in June you
get half off anything in the store so if
you haven't already used that
opportunity I think it's an in-store
only opportunity you live in San Antonio
pick out two words your present with me
hope I get to meet a lot of you in the
next couple of weeks it can't wait and
I'll see you soon thanks for watching
for basically video where I'm a whole
bunch of stuff it's either been sent to
me and or I bought they haven't done
reviews on it and it's some of it I
haven't even used so it's not even a
first impression that it's kind of all
but it's more like look at all the crap
I got what interests you what do you
want to see